c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\obj\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\obj\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\obj\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.pdb
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\obj\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\obj\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\obj\Debug\TelerikMvcApp1Tests.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\kando_test\TelerikMvcApp1\TelerikMvcApp1Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
